setting role to restart service when its run/updated (#2)
PegaSysEng/ansible-role-pantheon: README.md

| `pantheon_user` | pantheon | Pantheon user |
| `pantheon_group` | pantheon | Pantheon group |
| `pantheon_version` | 1.1.4 | Current stable version of Pantheon |

> | `pantheon_download_url` | https://bintray.com/consensys/pegasys-repo/download_file?file_path=pantheon-{{ pantheon_version }}.tar.gz | The download tar.gz file used. You can use this if you build pantheon from source and publish to an internal repo. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `pantheon_download_url` | https://bintray.com/consensys/pegasys-repo/download_file?file_path=pantheon-{{ pantheon_version }}.tar.gz | The download tar.gz file used. You can use this if you need to retrieve pantheon from a custom location such as an internal repository. |
```
